 Neighbors play an important role in our lives, and almost everyone in the world has at least one neighbor.  For this reason, it is important to consider what characteristics define a good neighbor.  In my opinion, a good neighbor is both supportive and respectful.  I will explore the reasons why I feel this way in the following essay.
To begin with, a good neighbor must be supportive because our lives are full of unplanned emergencies.  Oftentimes the people live close to us are the only ones who can provide assistance when things go wrong.  For example, my family experienced a major house fire several years ago.  It was a traumatic experience as it happened in the middle of the night and we lost most of our belongings.  No one was injured, but we suffered a lot of emotional trauma.  Our situation was aided, however, by a compassionate neighbor who immediately called the fire department when he saw the fire and who also provided us with clean clothes, food and a place to stay for the night.  This example demonstrates how important it is to have kind and supportive neighbors when an emergency happens.

               Moreover, a good neighbor is someone who is respectful of those around him.  People view their home as a place to escape from the stressful modern world, and if their neighbors do not respect this belief they will suffer a lot.  My own experience demonstrates this reality.   Five years ago, I lived alone in an apartment in a busy city.  My job at that time was extremely stressful and also physically draining.  After a day at work I wanted nothing more than to go home and unwind.  However, the person living in the apartment above me played loud music all night which made it almost impossible for me to relax.  He had no respect for those around him and thought only of himself.  In contrast, the person who lives above my family today does not do this and though I have the same job, I am better able to deal with its difficulties.  This illustrates the value of having a neighbor who respects those who live nearby.

		In conclusion, I strongly believe that good neighbors are both supportive and respectful.  This is because such people can help us handle life’s unexpected emergencies and allow us to feel comfortable in our own homes.
